# Startup_funding_prediction
Project Title : Predict whether a startup will get funded in the next three months.
1. Introduction As today's world is making big transformation by startups, on an average 90 out of 100 startups fail to attain the expected range of profits.  .  There  can be  several  reasons  likeinefficient  planning, inefficient  way  of using  the funds,  lack  of good  team to  work, insufficient funds, etc. which leads to failure of startup. This work aims to create a machine learning model for predicting the  range of  funding  that  can  be  expected  by  the  organization  based  on many important  factors that  play a  major role  in all  stages of  a startup. It is very important to increase the success rate of startups. It helps in predicting the future of startups by involving machine learning  and increases  the  productivity  and decrease  the failure percentage.
The main factor that influence the success of the startup is the idea which further  gets  implemented.  A signiﬁcant number of startups fail  because  of  lack  of  awareness  about  the  progress  of  that particular  domain. Every  entrepreneur aims  at  development  and success of his/her organization. They want their idea to be helpful and  appreciated by  their customers  so that  the organization  will receive the enough profits to expand share in market and to make further modifications required. The main elements of any startup are: 1. Funding 2. Appointing best employees. 3. Reduce the employee attrition.

# B. Key Factors Involved  
There can be a lot of factors that play a key role in either success or failure of the startups. Here more that 20 key factors has been considered like series  A funding, series B  funding, seed  funding etc. few of them are briefly explained below: a) Seed  funding:  Seed  funding is  required  to  start the  basic services  required  to  build  the  organization  and  also  helps  in managing  basic  bills,  wages  etc  along  with  the  extending  of startup for further development. b)  Time to  get seed  funding:  This  represents  the number  of months  that  the  company  spent  to  collect  the  required  seed funding to start the company. The time is a main factor that plays major role because no startup should spend a lot of time to collect funds for unproductive project. c) Rounds  of  Funding:  there  can  be  different  types  of investment and the number of rounds can vary. So this represents the number of rounds including type of funding
